there's this kid you didn't think he
could cut it I figured it was just the
usual jitters I take him under my wing
he was wanting to be scared
Pearl Harbor is the greatest
intelligence failure in American history
this can never happen again
I want to make your brain at least some
of the boys still wanna fight
the Japanese are planning something
bigger so what's the target
we believe it's Midway Washington
disagrees Washington is wrong if we lose
and Japanese on the west coast Seattle
San Francisco Los Angeles Oh burn
we got the order to launch we need to
throw a punch so they know what it feels
like to be hit
we're talking about a couple dozen
planes it's all Japanese fleet
this isn't a fair fight
ladies man
anywhere
you know that you came to
when people are counting
you'll be able to face anything
you